>>SEAN STONE: What do the
spiritual masters mean when
they say, we die before we die?
Let's enter the "Buzzsaw."
[THEME MUSIC]
Welcome to "Buzzsaw."
We cut through the
mainstream narrative
to explore the twilight
zones of reality.
I'm your host, Sean
Stone, and with me, today,
is Cyndi Dale, internationally
renowned author, speaker,
and healer.
She's been trained in several
different healing modalities
including shamanism,
intuitive energy
healing, therapeutic touch,
family of origin therapy,
and the Lakota Way.
Her book, "Journey After Life"
illuminates the soul's journey
from before we were born,
through our lifetimes,
and into the afterlife.
Cyndi offers us
meditations and guidance
for readying ourselves for the
adventure that we call death.
So Cyndi, I want to start by
asking you, what do you mean by
"we die before we die?"
>>CYNDI DALE: Isn't
that a great quote?
[LAUGHING]
>>SEAN: You're like, I
have no idea what it means.
>>DALE: I don't-- it's not a
suicidal pact or anything like
that.
You know, when we
talk about dying
before we die,
we're really talking
about our ego, or that part of
ourselves that believes itself
separate from other
people, from the world,
from what happens after we
die, from the great light,
or the clear light that
Tibetans like to call it.
And so we're much more
prepared to die and take
advantage of being
death, you know,
to really transcend
in the way that we're
supposed to be able to,
if we work with our ego
while we're alive.
And almost everybody's
scared of death.
I mean, I think I'm more scared
of dying than the actual post
death component.
And I believe that if
we really so-called
work the issues of who we
believe we are rather than who
we really are, then we really
are ready to release ourselves
or be released when it's time
to be done with this body
and go further.
>>SEAN: Your book,
"Journey After Life--"
it deals with insights into
the world beyond the veil,
essentially.
I mean, are these insights
collected from your work
as a healer or are you
remembering aspects
of your soul's journey?
>>DALE: I'd say it's
more remembering.
>>SEAN: Really?
>>DALE: I was one
of those weird kids.
[LAUGHING]
I'm probably still--
I'm still a weird adult
to be really honest.
But as a youngster, I
remembered past lives.
I remembered where
I was immediately
before I came into
this little baby body.
I even have memories of when
I was in my mother's womb.
And I didn't like
it so much, so I
kept going back to where
I was, and then returning
into the womb state.
So I think I came with a lot
of memories still intact.
And that gave me some
interesting views
when I looked at people,
especially when I was really
young, or I was
at a funeral, or I
was talking to ghosts
or spirits, which
I was able to do when
I was really small.
So I think I remember a lot.
And I think the rest
of it has really
been gathered by some research
and by my clients' stories.
I've worked with maybe
65,000 clients at this point.
This book was written
quite a bit ago,
but I'd still worked
with a lot of people.
So they have their
own stories, which
I've gathered onto myself, too.
>>SEAN: So you'd
say that there is
sort of a universal
experience of going
into the afterlife,
near-death experience,
it's not just our own minds
creating it-- the effect.
>>DALE: I think so.
I know there's some
recent research that
is showing that the brain
stays alive far longer
then after it stops.
And it emanates certain
types of energy,
which we could call light,
that could give people
death experiences.
But what people report,
whether it's through near-death
experiences or
spiritualities or--
I've had three near-death
experiences, myself--
or what people go through
and what they remember
goes far beyond what
science can explain.
That's a limitation
of the brain.
>>SEAN: Right.
>>DALE: So I think
it is universal--
especially when you look at
some of the ancient manuscripts
and how they describe
what comes next.
What we're finding
out through science
and the frontier of the mind--
very, very similar.
>>SEAN: So as far as the
frontier of the mind,
we also have to
reference the past--
books like "The Tibetan
Book of the Dead,"
"The Egyptian Book
of the Dead"--
both of which I think
were initiation rights
to prepare for death
and the afterlife.
Right?
A lot of emphasis was placed on
that in these ancient cultures.
So how does your book
play into that tradition?
>>DALE: Well, I have
read those books.
I've studied them.
And I have to admit that
I put most of my book
together before I
re-read the books.
[LAUGHS]
And I found, wow, these
are really similar.
A lot of the main
ideas dovetail.
Years ago, I was one
of those geeky 15,
16-year-olds who got a
hold of those manuscripts
because I was
fascinated with death.
I could see spirits.
I could see ghosts.
So I wanted to know
what other cultures,
besides the Christian
culture, was saying occurs.
So I have knowledge of that
going into the writing,
but a lot of what's--
you know, the
books talk about is
very similar to my
experiences and others.
"The Tibetan Book of
the Dead," for instance,
is also known as "The
Great Book of Liberation."
And it's all about
teaching somebody
when they're alive, how to
manage their soul when they're
dead--
really so they don't
have to come back.
I mean, the Tibetans
believe that after 49 days,
unless we are embraced by, or
we can embrace what they call
the primary light,
or the clear light,
we just have to return here
and keep working on our ego.
We just have to get
to the point where
we're willing to sort of
dissolve into the oneness.
And otherwise, we
just have to keep
practicing through the body.
The Egyptian soul-- "The
Egyptian Book of the Dead"
is really a collection
of spells, which I think
is sort of interesting.
And--
>>SEAN: It's magic spells
that you have to escape--
>>DALE: They're magic spells.
>>SEAN: --in order to
pass the different tests--
>>DALE: Right.
>>SEAN: --to not be
destroyed at the end of it.
>>DALE: Right, exactly.
Right, so you can
get to the Lily
Lake and the Field of Reeds and
it's very, very complicated.
I'm not sure I could remember
all those spells once I'm dead.
I couldn't remember
them when I'm alive.
So I think--
>>SEAN: Rehearsal.
>>DALE: Yeah.
I know.
It is.
We're rehearsing.
But the basic ideas of those
manuscripts and many others,
even what Jesus
was talking about,
where we need a second
birth while we're alive.
We need to have a rebirth--
you know, a spiritual birth,
not just a physical birth.
The idea is the same.
When you're dead, can
you have a rebirth,
so you can just be the
light that you are?
And then, to me, the
fascinating imperative question
is, can we do that
when we're alive?
Can we not wait.
I'm not going to remember
those spells when I'm dead.
So I want to work on it here,
rather than just leave it
a bit to luck when I'm dead.
>>SEAN: So what does
the afterlife look like?
>>DALE: Well, there
isn't just one answer.
The way I perceive it-- and
I've always been really visual,
from a psychic perspective.
To me, I see it as these
series of planes of light.
They're colorful.
They're beautiful.
They're different.
They're different shapes.
There's different aromas to
them-- senses and sounds.
I'm sure that I can't
perceive them all--
that I'm not capable,
or I'm not able,
at least in the physical state.
But I literally see them
like reams and reams
of states or realms of light.
And I think that
when we die, there's
typical processes most
souls go through that
are also on a plane of light.
Most people with near-death
experiences, for instance,
do report.
Maybe they rest a
little bit, but then
they typically evaluate.
What did they do?
What did they learn?
Who have they been?
Maybe there's some healing
and there's growth.
So these are planes of growth.
There's many of them.
And we tend to--
I believe when we die--
gravitate toward the one
maybe we were on last time,
or, hopefully, we've
achieved another level
while we were alive.
So we get to, kind of,
kick it up a little bit.
But that's how I see them.
They're like worlds
unto themselves.
>>SEAN: And, you know,
I always felt that
in my first depictions
of afterlife--
frankly, when I was a child,
I would think about it.
And think, OK, what's
the possibilities?
You can die and it's just
blackness, which would be just
like a tomb forever and ever.
>>DALE: Horrible.
>>SEAN: Right?
If you're conscious, especially.
Then there's the idea of
heaven and I thought, well,
what if you get bored?
Because you have-- is that
what brings people back here?
Is it almost a
sense of, well, you
get to a certain level
of light and then you
realize, wait, I'm bored.
I need to experience
and feel and go
through the drama of these
different incarnations.
Is that what brings us here?
>>DALE: We're never done.
I think boredom is a real issue.
I remember, I was
always stuck being
an angel in all the school
plays because I have blond hair.
And then they'd make me
stand there and sing.
They'd go, well, don't you
want to be practicing what
you're going to do in heaven?
It's like, I ain't
going to heaven
if this is what we're doing.
[LAUGHING]
I thought it was horrifying.
Well, we're still
growing and changing.
We don't really
lose our identity,
but we're still
assuming new ideas
and new ways of being
while we're alive
and while we're dead.
So it's an eternal
growth process.
The Sufi System
talks about that,
that there's always another
quality to become or to embrace
or to learn about.
So we're never done.
As soon as you think
you're done, I mean,
you just get another assignment.
>>SEAN: And do people end up
incarnating to other worlds,
as well?
>>DALE: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
I have no doubt about that.
Because I do a weird
thing for a living--
I do intuitive work and
healing and whatever--
I get to talk about things
like that, which is great--
which is great fun.
I can talk to a group of
accountants and talk about,
now some of you may think
you come from another planet.
And they'll go,
oh, oh, I remember.
[LAUGHING]
It's actually fascinating
how people remember
where they've been or
how they feel the call
that their home is not here.
Their home is somewhere else.
A lot of my job when I'm
working with individuals
is to help them make those
connections, not so they
instantly leave here
and go back there--
because maybe back there has
evolved and changed, too.
So they can bring that knowledge
forward, make those connections
again, bring in the
connections with those beings,
and be more of who
they are right here.
>>SEAN: So you mentioned the
different spectrums of light
and colors--
>>DALE: Yeah.
>>SEAN: --in the
afterlife, beyond the veil.
Do these resonate with
the chakra system?
>>DALE: They absolutely
do, at least in my world.
>>SEAN: OK.
>>DALE: All right.
You can certainly analyze what
comes next without knowing
the chakra system.
I'm really practical, even
though talking about planes
of light and chakras don't
necessarily seem that,
but I work with living people.
Well, sometimes I work
with dead people, too,
to be really honest.
And so to me, the chakras
are subtle energy bodies--
are gateways into
the planes of light.
They're like eyes.
They're like channels
through which
we can see what's over there.
We can gain access to what's
available on a plane of light.
But we can also bring the wisdom
and the knowledge in, as well.
I understand that you can use
chakras to do physical healing.
I understand you
can access chakras
to gain memories
of when you were
a little kid or a past life.
But I think, ultimately,
they're enlightenment vehicles
and whatever we
want to call them,
they're able to
access those planes
and bring the energy here--
>>SEAN: Right.
>>DALE: --into the self.
Chakra systems bring up this
issue of alchemy in a sense,
because when we're talking
about spiritual transformation,
the transformation
of our base into gold
and the idea of basically
moving up the chakras
and, yes, accessing from the
deepest roots to the highest
heavens.
What are the alchemical
aspects of the various metals
in our endocrine
glands and basically
how they affect our
spiritual growth?
>>DALE: Well, I find
this a fascinating topic,
because I actually do believe,
and I have some science
to support this, not
a lot, but some--
science has to
catch up, I think,
to what we're perceiving.
You know, that
connected to each chakra
and to each endocrine gland,
connected to its chakra,
because each chakra is connected
to a different endocrine
gland--
even the one I work
with underneath the feet
connects to the bone marrow,
which is about everything.
Stem cells--
That there are
transitional metals--
I call them alchemical metals.
Science would call them
transitional metals.
They're fascinating elements.
They're fascinating
metals that are actually
able to create alchemy
within the physical body.
There's about 38 transitional
elements or metals,
according to science.
And they're unlike other
metals, because the atoms
are what they call monoatomic,
meaning they're weird.
They're unusual.
They have strange things
happening with their orbits.
So as they start
to spin, as an atom
starts to spin, say for gold or
cobalt or copper or iron or one
of these different metals, the
atoms change, they elongate.
They get what they
call super-deformed.
And they start to spin
even quicker and quicker
and quicker, until, at the
easiest way to explain it,
they basically just
disappear into light.
The actual metallic
component can
become liquid and/or powder.
And we found these
powders that are made out
of spun transitional metals
in the tombs in Egypt.
And they impact gravity.
So things become
more weightless.
It's the same idea behind
the trains in Japan,
where you get them--
it's levitation.
>>SEAN: Building the pyramids.
>>DALE: It's all about
the transitional metals.
So we've been gaining
lost knowledge
how to use that in everyday
life to build things,
to cure cancer, to do
all sorts of things.
But I believe that
ultimately, in that spin,
which we can create through
cultivating consciousness
through becoming
more pure, becoming
more of who we really are.
The transitional metals in the
endocrine glands in the chakras
actually open up
gateways to those planes.
>>SEAN: You're saying it's only
done through consciousness?
>>DALE: It can be food, because
where the lower energy centers
in the body are the more dense.
They're the most physical.
And so we absolutely do
need to pay attention
to what we're eating,
what we're doing,
how we're talking, how we're
speaking, how we're dealing
with our emotions, because
each chakra is in charge
of a different part
of our beingness,
not just our spiritual being
but how that spiritual self
manifests through the physical.
So I'm sorry, you can't just eat
Three Musketeer bars, probably,
and completely ascend.
Maybe somebody can.
>>SEAN: It'll be a sugar
rush, but I don't know
if that's going to--
>>DALE: But I think your models
are going to get a little dull.
>>SEAN: Right, exactly.
>>DALE: So we're here to be
physical and psychological
as well as kind of open up
to the spiritual dimensions.
>>SEAN: So what
are your tips then,
for how we can activate
those transitional metals?
>>DALE: Well, I
think pay attention.
I like learning
about the chakras,
because if you know the
basics on the chakras,
like the one underneath of
feet is about your environment.
Go outside.
Go outside and
think good thoughts.
Go outside.
I run my dogs every
morning at the park.
I figure that's doing the
clay metal that's down there.
>>SEAN: Are you getting
barefoot, though?
>>DALE: Not in Minnesota.
>>SEAN: That's the whole point.
You're supposed to ground them.
>>DALE: Hey, the dogs ground me.
Do what the chakra
would have you do.
I'd say follow the
chakra standards.
>>SEAN: So in terms of
the 13 planes of light,
and that would be--
each one is connected to--
>>DALE: To a different
chakra in my world.
>>SEAN: We have 13 chakras?
>>DALE: Well, I
believe we have 12.
I work with a 12 chakra system.
Some people work with seven.
If you really study
it across culture,
people say anywhere from
three to 99 chakras.
So pick your system
and work with it.
Mine works well for me and
the clients I work with.
I believe the 13th plane is sort
of more about consciousness.
It's not really a chakra.
It's sort of an attainment.
It's embracing that clear light.
>>SEAN: A higher self.
>>DALE: It's a higher self.
Being it in the body
though, is the task.
>>SEAN: And so there are certain
tips and cues to activate
and grow and enrich each chakra?
>>DALE: Each, exactly, about
what you do, what you eat.
Is it more psychological?
Do you do something
more physical?
Is there a specific
type of guide
you could open with who can
instruct you, et cetera?
Yeah.
>>SEAN: And you mention guides.
Are these ascended masters?
>>DALE: There is a lot of
different types of guides,
to be honest.
Some of them are
ascended masters.
>>SEAN: What does that mean?
>>DALE: Typically, the term
ascended masters means--
and there's also a term avatar.
Typically, it's
referring to a person
who became so enlightened when
they were alive they didn't
need to really lose their body.
They just sort of they just sort
of became the ascended self.
They transformed.
Their body sort of transfigured.
That's typically what
we're talking about.
There's different
types of guides.
I mean, some beings actually
do lose their bodies
like Jesus did.
He had a physical body.
But then it rose
after it was dead.
So I don't know what
you would call him.
That's a whole different
sort of category altogether.
But there's guides
that are angels.
There's different
kinds of angels.
There's beings that I
call the forms, which
represent big ideas that
can help us actually make
physical changes
within who we are.
So from my point
of view, there's
different types of
guides that specialize
in the different planes.
And you don't have to
do any of it perfect.
That's the other
important thing.
I typically for myself
work through one plane
most of the time.
It's the plane of
knowledge, because it's
the one I like the best.
So I think we can be
very individualistic.
>>SEAN: And what are
the other planes?
>>DALE: There's many of them.
We start with rest.
After that, typically we
evolve into evaluation.
There's a plane of healing.
There's a plane of knowledge.
So I'm kind of low
on the totem pole.
Usually, I see after
knowledge comes wisdom then
truth then peace.
After peace, you've got to
move around a little bit.
So we have momentum.
And then you have to have
momentum toward something that
means something, so
we call that love.
Then love that doesn't do
anything by itself needs power.
So that's the next plane.
You put love and power together,
you have the plane of charity.
Then there's mastery, which
is very individualized.
This is when and
how you become who
you are individualistically.
And then I would say we have
the plane of consciousness,
the plane of oneness.
But we might go back and forth
between these, when we're dead
and when we're alive.
>>SEAN: Do you think
that until we've
reached that point that there's
a soul trap that essentially
keeps us here on this Earth?
>>DALE: Pretty much.
I hate saying that.
I believe it's not
a bad thing, though.
When you read most of the tracts
or I talk to most of my clients
or I teach classes,
most people are like,
do I have to come back.
Can I just be done?
>>SEAN: Let's go to
a different world.
>>DALE: And I think it's
really an honor to be here.
I actually like this form.
I like being alive.
I think this is
an amazing place.
I think our attitude is
more what they call karmic,
which is that we have to
keep working it through.
And as long as we
believe we have
to keep working it
through, we have
to keep working it through.
Once we get that there's a
lot more freedom than that
and we can actually
enjoy it here,
we can kind of be
more about love
than being perfectionistic.
You know what I mean?
Making it up to everybody what
we done wrong or having them
make it up to us.
I believe that's ultimately
a very practical way
to say we could be freed
from coming back here.
But we could choose to come
back here if we want to too.
>>SEAN: In the
process of being here,
there seems to be
a five to seven
year death-rebirth cycle
that people are going through
constantly, a rejuvenation
of the body and cell process,
the shedding of old
skins and that concept.
So what is up with those
numbers, five to seven years?
>>DALE: Yeah, yeah.
Well, OK, I'm a chakra queen.
So the chakras do flip
in terms of their primacy
every seven years.
When we're really, really
small up till about age 14,
we go through the chakras much
quicker while we're developing.
We're physical, we're
emotional, we're mental,
we're relational, et cetera.
But after we hit
about 14, we tend
to base ourselves in
a particular chakra,
because that seems to
be how long it takes,
from a physical, psychological,
and spiritual point of view,
to work through the
teachings or the wisdoms
of a particular chakra.
And I think the body
follows suit as well.
>>SEAN: So you're
saying that when
you're in your
first seven years,
you're on your base, your root?
>>DALE: Well, you're really
busy your first seven years,
to be honest.
When we're in the
womb, we're actually
in the first chakra,
which is really physical.
Before we're born,
we're actually
in what I call the 10th, which
is genetic, family of origin,
natural, et cetera.
At about six months
to 2 and 1/2 years,
I think we evolve
into the emotional.
Then about 2 and
1/2 to 4 and 1/2,
we tend to be more
in the mental.
4 and 1/2 to 6 and
1/2, we're more
in the fourth chakra or the
relational, which makes sense
if you think of
what kids are doing.
They're going to school.
They don't want to learn.
They want to talk.
They want to get to know
other kids and socialize.
The actual learning is more
6 and 1/2 to 8 and 1/2,
which is the fifth chakra,
which is communication.
Then we jump for quite some time
till about age 8 and 1/2 to 14
or so into the sixth
chakra, which is vision.
But it's also self-concept.
It's how do we compare
ourselves with the world.
What are we doing with our inner
image of self and the world?
>>SEAN: Yeah.
13, 14 is pretty rough.
>>DALE: Yeah.
Nobody likes it.
I wore blue eye shadow.
That's all I remember.
I don't want to
remember anything else.
14 to 21, we jump
into the seventh,
which is really spiritual.
But we're not helping
kids with this.
Yeah, it's coming of age,
but we're not helping kids.
We're not doing--
>>SEAN: No.
We don't send them
on initiation quests.
>>DALE: No, we don't.
We're not doing vision quests.
>>SEAN: We only let
them have alcohol.
They binge drink.
They go war.
>>DALE: Yeah.
The have to find their own way.
>>SEAN: They start fights.
>>DALE: And we're supposed
to help them find out
their individual gifts,
what they're really about,
and how to help them
fit into the community.
I don't even know if we
have communities anymore,
at some level.
>>SEAN: Virtual.
>>DALE: They are virtual.
>>SEAN: What happens after
you get to the seventh by,
let's say, around 21
you get to the seventh.
>>DALE: Well, a
couple things happen.
Again, we have two tracks.
We do go back and
do it all again,
back into the first,
the second, the third.
And I work, again, with
a 12 chakra system.
So I add on simultaneously.
So for me, 21 to 28, I call
it the eighth chakra, which
is very mystical, shamanic.
It's when we can open
up some of those powers.
We may do our karma.
We may marry the same person
we did 14,000 years ago.
We repeat a lot from our soul.
And we keep evolving as well.
But you notice it's
really seven-year blocks
once we reach that 14.
We just keep going through
our seven-year blocks.
For different people,
it's different.
But I think that's the general.
>>SEAN: Right.
Is there a way of bypassing in
a sense or to focus your energy,
like by doing practices?
>>DALE: Absolutely.
>>SEAN: To get you out
of certain chakras as
opposed to being stuck there?
>>DALE: Absolutely, yes.
And I think there's
two keys to that.
I would work with
our strong chakras.
I'm really strong and two
or three different chakras.
So why not work it?
Why not elevate myself
through that chakra?
Why not really let it leave me?
Why not teach myself with it
and make sure that my practice--
And so for instance, I'm very
first chakra, very physical,
every day.
I run a company.
I run my dogs.
I run my kids.
You know what I mean?
So I'm good at that.
>>SEAN: Yeah.
>>DALE: So I have to
take care of that chakra,
because it's also the
most stressed out.
So I eat for my adrenals
which is connected to it.
I always move.
I always exercise.
I am ADHD, which a lot
of us are, which is fine.
So you just take care of it.
>>SEAN: Is this a new
phenomenon, by the way?
>>DALE: No, of course not.
>>SEAN: What do you
make of it then?
Is this having to do with our
consciousness and awakening
and ascension?
>>DALE: Well, I do
think there's more
and more kids getting
called ADHD, autistic,
on the spectrum, et cetera,
because some of them
are what I call crystal kids.
They're here to wake us up.
They're here to say, can we
all get more sensitive now.
Can we break up what we're
doing in the school room?
Can we go back to the
way we're supposed to be?
A lot of especially Asperger
kids, they're really sensitive.
Their energy fields
are reversed.
They're not like
all the rest of us.
They feel things.
They bring things in.
They can teach us.
They're brilliant.
So we need to learn from this.
Obviously, we need
kids not stressed out.
>>SEAN: I love they have--
some of these schools
are introducing
elliptical machines.
And people are literally
doing elliptical
while they're at their
desks so they don't have
to sit there and be fidgety.
>>DALE: Exactly.
>>SEAN: And it's
better for the system.
>>DALE: My youngest son, ADHD.
I had to teach him everything.
We go play basketball.
I took him to Disney when I was
teaching him the multiplication
tables.
Well, he was happy to learn
them when we were walking around
with Mickey.
>>SEAN: I feel that.
I sense that it's almost
because of the nature of how
we're absorbing and
thinking and learning.
>>DALE: That's right.
>>SEAN: I'm able to be on my
phone, have a conversation,
absorb some
information over there,
and not have to
just sit there and--
I can read stuff.
But I don't have to
sit there and read.
My mind is working more quickly.
>>DALE: And we're elevating.
We're growing.
And the kids coming in--
I'd say anybody up till
like, whatever, 40, 45--
you know what I mean?
There's just like some
elevated abilities.
And I'm over that.
So I'm in that
generation that has
to make room and
make way and go look,
we've got to change the system.
We have to make this OK
stuff not not-OK stuff.
We've got to make room for
it, because they're all gifts.
They're all abilities.
>>SEAN: And how can we actively
approach these planes of light?
There's obviously the
near-death experience.
There's the
afterlife experience.
But in life itself,
how do we get there?
>>DALE: I would say
you can Google chakras.
Pick one and start with it.
There's a million
sites out there
that are going to say each
chakra's about x, y, z.
Pick a focus, and go for it.
If you feel like
you'd really learn
how to be more yourself
by concentrating
on the fifth chakra, which
is about communication.
Don't just make
it boring, though.
Eat for it.
Cultivate it.
Pay attention to
what you're thinking.
Think about if you want
to be thinking that.
Ask what you're hearing.
Are there different kinds of
messages you want to bring in?
So I'd say, pick
one and focus on it.
If you can connect them to a
plane of light, all the better,
because then you've got
more guides helping you out.
You can walk around
with the stones that
are affiliated with a plane.
I'd say make it simple,
because if you really
get one thing down, other
things fall into place.
>>SEAN: Got you.
And in terms of the
journey after life
book and the overall concept,
how is it helping us as people
to prepare for the afterlife?
>>DALE: Change now.
Don't leave it till then.
You're not going to know all
the spells the Egyptians were
teaching.
We don't read the book anymore.
>>SEAN: You don't think
they're relevant any more?
>>DALE: I think
they probably are.
That would be a whole other
book, how to cast them now.
And they actually did start
to write individual books
of the dead for the living.
They wrote them
up for the people
who were alive to tell
them what to do now.
I'd say just transform now.
Enjoy who you are right now.
Really concentrate
on what meaning
you're bringing to
the world and what
the world is bringing to
you in a meaningful way
on a day to day basis.
So I'd say just start now.
>>SEAN: And what about the
relationship to the creator
and to angels?
Are these experienced
in the afterlife,
experienced with people?
>>DALE: They're in the
afterlife, they are.
They're in this life.
I think we're so
blocked off to that,
because if it makes television,
it's just like a Bruce Willis
film or something.
Isn't that neat?
It's growing, even kids.
I have young kids coming to me.
And after they stumble
around, I say, OK,
so tell me why you're really
talking to someone like me.
I had one little kid come in.
And he said, because
I see aliens.
They come to me to me.
I saw them in the
movies the other day.
She sat next to me while
I watched the movie.
So of course there's beings.
Of course there's connections.
Of course we can make them.
And why not?
If there is a veil,
it's only because we
think there's a veil.
>>SEAN: So that veil
is lifting potentially?
>>DALE: It is lifting.
I think it has to.
And I think it is, yeah.
There's even studies that
ancient people worked
with what they call
an analog rather than
a digital way of knowing.
We've been digital,
which is step by step
and really logical.
But our deeper
neurology is what they
call analog, which
is whole, which
is there's no separate between
the body and the environment.
There's no separate between
creator and our soul.
It's all unified.
That's our deeper self.
That's really what
we're trying to go back
to is to live from that place.
>>SEAN: That's beautiful.
Thank you so much
for joining me today.
It's been fascinating.
>>DALE: Thank you.
It's been my pleasure.
>>SEAN: Absolutely.
And that's all the time we
have for this week's "Buzzsaw."
If you want to learn more about
Cindy, go to CindyDale.com.
There you can discover
more about journey
after life as well
as chakra healing
and personal intuitive guidance.
I'm your host Sean Stone.
And remember, you
are the revolution.
[THEME MUSIC]